Small fixes after initial read through of the whole lesson (#62)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: index.md

After attending this training, participants will be able to:

> - collaboratively develop and publish lessons using The Carpentries lesson infrastructure (aka [The Carpentries Workbench](https://github.com/carpentries/sandpaper-docs)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- collaboratively develop and publish lessons using The Carpentries lesson infrastructure (aka [The Carpentries Workbench](https://carpentries.github.io/workbench/)):
```

@anenadic please could you add this URL as a `[workbench]` entry to the `links.md` file and remake these links "reference style" using that target?

Author: Will do.
